R doc 1641 cluster certificate exec (#1083)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.2/Raven.Documentation.Pages/server/security/authentication/certificate-configuration.markdown

RavenDB will accept PFX server certificates which contain the private key, are not expired and have the following fields:

- KeyUsage: DigitalSignature, KeyEncipherment
- ExtendedKeyUsage: Client Authentication, Server Authentication

The first way to enable authentication is to set `Security.Certificate.Path` with the path to your `.pfx` server certificate. You may supply the certificate password using `Security.Certificate.Password`. 

When providing a certificate for authentication, you **must** also set the `ServerUrl` configuration option to an HTTPS address.

For example, this is a typical [settings.json](../../configuration/configuration-options#json):

{CODE-BLOCK:json}
{
    "ServerUrl": "https://rvn-srv-1:8080",
    "Setup.Mode": "None",
    "DataDir": "/home/RavenData",
    "Security.Certificate": {
        "Path": "/home/secrets/server.pfx",
        "Password": "s3cr7t p@$$w0rd"
    }
} 
{CODE-BLOCK/}

The second way to enable authentication is to set `Security.Certificate.Load.Exec`. 

> This option is useful when you want to protect your certificate (private key) with other solutions such as "Azure Key Vault", "HashiCorp Vault" or even Hardware-Based Protection. RavenDB will invoke a process you specify, so you can write your own scripts / mini programs and apply whatever logic you need. It creates a clean separation between RavenDB and the secret store in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is useful when you want to protect your certificate (private key) with other solutions such as "Azure Key Vault", "HashiCorp Vault" or even Hardware Security Module (HSM). RavenDB will invoke a process you specify, so you can write your own scripts / mini programs and apply whatever logic you need. It creates a clean separation between RavenDB and the secret store in use.
```

{NOTE This section explains how to setup authentication **manually**. Please also take a look at the automated [Setup Wizard](../../../start/installation/setup-wizard) which lets you setup authentication in a much easier and faster way. /}

> To enable authentication, either `Security.Certificate.Path` or `Security.Certificate.Load.Exec` must be set in [settings.json](../../configuration/configuration-options#json).

Reviewer 2: Let's add a comment either here or in the FAQ section with this answer: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/ravendb/exec%7Csort:date/ravendb/9KcfDtOF43U/VC7CTCu8EQAJ
What to do ff the user doesn't want to use the new scripts.

Author: Fixed
